Title: Aurelion Sol :: Wild Rift Build Guide (Patch 6.0) :: Items, Runes, Abilities
Meta Description: Find the best build for Aurelion Sol in League of Legends: Wild Rift. Our build guide will teach you how to play Aurelion Sol in the current meta.

Headings:
- Level 1 Aurelion Sol Stats
- Aurelion Sol's Abilities
- Aurelion Sol  Build Guide for Wild Rift
- Aurelion Sol's Item Build
- Aurelion Sol's Spells & Runes
- Aurelion Sol's Situational Items
- Aurelion Sol's Situational Runes
- Aurelion Sol's Skill Order
- How to play Aurelion Sol
- Aurelion Sol's Abilities
- Cosmic Creator (Passive)
- Breath of Light (1)
- Astral Flight (2)
- Singularity (3)
- Falling Star / The Skies Descend (Ultimate)
- Aurelion Sol Build Breakdown
- Early game
- Late Game
- Conclusion
- League of Legends: Wild Rift Champions:
- Mobafire Network
- #Social

Paragraphs:
Switch between Dark and Light themes

Casting damaging abilities against enemies grants stacks of Stardust, which empower Aurelion Sol's abilities.

Breath of Light: This ability's bursts deal bonus magic damage equal to 0% (2.5% of Stardust stacks) of the target's max Health.

Astral Flight: Increases max flight distance by 0% (62.5% of Stardust stacks)

Singularity: Increases the ability's impact area by 0% (5% of Stardust stacks) and execution threshold by 0% (2.1% of Stardust stacks)

Falling Star / The Skies Descend: Increases the ability's impact area by 0% (15% of Stardust stacks).

Breathes starfire for 3.25 seconds dealing 58 / 53 / 88 / 103 (+60% AP) magic damage per second to the first enemy hit and 50% of that damage to nearby enemies.

For every 1 second that the breath hits the same target, Aurelion Sol deals a burst of magic damage equal to 70 / 80 / 90 / 100 (+35% AP) plus 0% (3% of Stardust stacks) of the target's max Health. If the target is a champion, Aurelion Sol gains 1 stack of Stardust.

Damage dealt based on the target's max Health is capped at 100 against monsters.

Aurelion Sol can move slowly (133 Movement Speed) while casting this ability.

At max ability level, this ability's duration is extended infinitely.

If Aurelion Sol is interrupted within 0.25 seconds of casting this ability, it will go into a 1-second cooldown.

Deals 40% damage to monsters.

Maximum Range of Starfire: 750 - 848

First Cast: Flies in a direction. While flying, Breath of Light has no cooldown or max channel duration, and deals 112% / 115% / 117% / 120% more damage.

Recast: End the flight early.If a champion is killed within 3 seconds of taking damage from Aurelion Sol, 90% of this ability's cooldown is refunded.

Flight speed: 300 + 100 MS.Aurelion Sol's flight speed is reduced by 50% if Breath of Light is cast while flying.

Summons a black hole, dealing 20 / 27.5 / 35 / 42.5 (+15% AP) magic damage per second and dragging enemies toward the center of the black hole for 5 seconds.

Enemies in the center die instantly when their Health falls below 5% (5 + 2.6% of Stardust stacks). For every second an enemy champion is trapped within the black hole's range, Aurelion Sol gains 1 stack of Stardust. When enemies are killed within the black hole's range, Aurelion Sol gains 5 stacks of Stardust for every champion on epic monster killed; 5 stacks of Stardust for every siege minion or large monster killed; and 1 stack of Stardust for every minion or small monster killed.

Falling Star: Plucks a star from the heavens and crashes it into the earth, dealing 150 / 250 / 350 (+65% AP) magic damage and stunning enemies within range for 1 second. Gains 8 stacks of Stardust for every enemy champion hit.

Whenever Aurelion Sol collects 65 stacks of Stardust, the next Falling Star transforms into The Skies Descend.

The Skies Descend: Rains down cosmic fury on the earth, dealing 188 / 313 / 438 (+65% AP) magic damage over a larger area and knocking targets hit Airborne for 1 second. Also emits a huge shockwave at the same time, dealing 150 / 250 / 350 (+65% AP) magic damage to enemy champions and epic monsters and slowing all enemies hit by 50% for 1 second.

Aurelion Sol is a late-game scaling mage who can play in the Mid Lane. His kit revolves around collecting Stardust by dealing damage to enemies. Collecting Stardust increases Aurelion Sol's damage output and allows you to upgrade his ultimate to The Skies Descend. However, this means you are extremely weak during the early game when you have no stacks. Learning how to position with Aurelion Sol is crucial, ensuring you are far enough away not to get caught out but close enough to deal damage with Breath of Light

Casting damaging abilities against enemies grants stacks of Stardust, which empowers Aurelion Sol's abilities.

Breath of Light will deal bonus magic damage.

Astral Flight's max flight distance will be increased.

Singularity's impact area will be increased.

Falling Star / The Skies Descend's impact area will be increased.

Cosmic Creator is the most essential aspect of Aurelion Sol that needs to be prioritized throughout the game to upgrade his abilities.

Aurelion Sol breathes Starfire for a few seconds, dealing magic damage per second. Every second the breath hits the same target, Aurelion Sol will deal extra magic damage. Aurelion Sol will gain one stack of Stardust if this is a champion.

Breath of Light is Aurelion Sol's main damage ability. You can proc runes and items by just tapping once. Positioning whilst using Breath of Light will be essential during the game. Ensuring you are close enough to deal damage means you won't be wasting damage output.

Aurelion Sol flies in a direction. While flying, Breath of Light has no cooldown and deals more damage; however, the flight speed will be reduced whilst channelling. You can recast the ability to send the flight early at any time.

Astral Flight is very important for escaping and killing. It allows you to reposition during fights to deal damage with Breath of Light. When using Astral Flight, do not touch the movement joystick, as this will cancel the flight and cause it to go into cooldown.

Aurelion Sol summons a Black Hole, dealing magic damage per second and dragging enemies toward the centre. Enemies in the centre die instantly when their health is low.

Singularity is one of Aurelion Sol's best ways to collect Stardust. In the laning phase, one good-positioned Singularity with Breath of Light can kill an entire minion wave, giving you a lot of stacks. In teamfights, use Singularity to make your life easier when trying to hit Falling Star or Breath of Light.

Falling Star grabs a star from the heavens and crashes it into the earth, dealing magic damage and stunning enemies within range, gaining Stardust for every enemy champion hit.

Whenever Aurelion Sol collects 65 stacks of Stardust, the next Falling Star transforms into The Skies Descend. The Skies Descend rains down cosmic fury on the earth, dealing magic damage over a larger area and knocking targets hit. It also emits a massive shockwave at the same time, dealing magic damage to enemy champions and slowing them.

With this ultimate, Aurelion Sol will dominate teamfights. The first form, Falling Star, is not as strong, so when you are close to 65 stacks, save your ultimate for The Skies Descend. Use Singularity first to make hitting Falling Star much easier.

Rylai's Crystal Scepter synergizes well with both Breath of Light and Singularity. When in teamfights, the slows from Rylai's will help Aurelion Sol with his DPS.

Liandry's Torment helps with Aurelion Sol's damage over time. Since Aurelion Sol is not a burst champion, the consistent damage with Liandry's & Rylai's makes it difficult for enemies to escape.

Rabadon's Deathcap gives Aurelion Sol a huge amount of Ability Power, which scales incredibly well into the mid and late game. It's essential to have in your build to help with your damage.

For runes we have:

Arcane Comet is the most reliable rune for Aurelion Sol. You can tap Breath of Light to start stacking early. When Rylai's is built, the slows make it difficult for enemies to escape the Comet.

Nullifying Orb is great for when you want to fly in with Aurelion Sol. It can save you and bait the enemy into thinking you are already dead.

Bone Plating will help Aurelion Sol take reduced damage from the first three instances of damage.

When Aurelion Sol is farming, he'll be able to gain free health throughout the game, making him difficult to kill.

When vs Crowd Control, Perseverance works great with Aurelion Sol, giving him more tank stats to survive.

Transcendence works great with Aurelion Sol to reduce the cooldown of his ability.

Flash is a must on Aurelion Sol. It's a great spell to get out of bad situations or if you are trying to go in for that killing blow on the enemy.Exhaust gives Aurelion Sol a slow and damage reduction to enemies trying to jump in. This also helps when Aurelion Sol is flying in for kills.

Aurelion Sol is one of the weakest early-game champions in the game. Since he doesn't have a lot of mobility early on, you want to play passively and try to stack as much Stardust as possible. The most efficient way of collecting Stardust early on is by killing minions in the Black Hole from Singularity. So make sure you always use this ability before last hitting minions. Thanks to his ultimate, Aurelion Sol becomes much stronger once he hits level 5. This is when you can try to roam around the map with Astral Flight, but since he has very little damage in the early game, you have to be extremely careful.

In the late game, this is where Aurelion Sol transforms into his true Dragon self and can be a massive carry for his team. At this point in the game, you would have collected enough Stardust to empower your abilities and can significantly impact a team fight with your upgraded ultimate, The Skies Descend. In team fights, always try to look for the best flight path with Astral Flight, cut off enemies' escape paths, and stay within range to deal a lot of damage with Breath of Light. Always be careful not to fly too close, or you could get caught and die quickly.

Overall, Aurelion Sol is a unique champion who can become his true dragon self during the late game. If you understand that the early game might not be as smooth sailing, he can scale and become a massive carry in the late game.

Thank you for reading this guide! Feel free to follow me and ask any questions on:

Good luck on the rift summoners!

iTzSTU4RT

Copyright © 2024 WildRiftFire | All Rights Reserved

